now I am going to be making a few
changes tonight because I think you
people deserve the best show possible so
let me start with uh with you hi
Guillermo hi you said Matt Damon don't
miss her Matt Damon may your Kimmel
sidekick you're probably just gonna go
over there and untie him the minute I
turn my back no no I don't like Jimmy
he's a dumbass so you're gonna be loyal
to me now Jess my lord
I'm sorry Jeremy I just I just can't
believe that when it's no chase my
friend ladies and gentlemen I took the
liberty of hiring my own Guillermo so
please welcome legendary actor Andy
Garcia
hello Andy hello mr. muth
are you prepared to be my faithful
sidekick see I've brought my taser he's
got a Taser and he's in character
excellent me amigo okay what else could
we change around here the band leader
Yeah right what's your name
I'm Clete oh yeah no I'm sorry I never
heard of you
why do you say hello to the the new band
leader this is Sheryl Crow
thank you so much Cheryl that's amazing
yep do you think you can handle this I
got this sure she'll coach this is it
unbelievable
it took Jimmy ten years to accomplish
what I just accomplished in 90 seconds